# UbuntuOffnsive - equip ubuntu with set of tools to make your ubuntu kli-linux like, choose a target and enqrypt your net environment and packets and start shoot what ever toolset is the right for you. be curful abut the police thay watching you when you install some tools so use git trugh onion browser and vmware or vmbox to perform your attack. 
the reason way im use ubuntu is because no one care when you download it, but if you download kali-linux to mach people hack your system to look what you wont to do so use ubuntu its the same source "debian" but with less encryptions - those you will need to build for your oun. 
and tools like metasploit use only git with onion.
here i can advice on some tools to use: nmap to see what port are open: use T1/T2 to reduse the rate of the scan and the same way reduse other systems notice you scan them. ***NOTE: its legal to scan system, but elegal to hack them.***
use crunch to build password list, be creative. you can search on the web for passwords list but most of them aint relevant today so the right way to build password list is to try identify your target in general prespective and then build the file. people are not so curful when they choose passwords, beacose they need easy to remember and they dont change them between servicese.
other tool that use the crunch file is the aircrack-ng - advanced wifi tool to perform differnt attacks by your choice so if one attack isent go well they have full stock of other attcks to try. 
use backdoor factory to write an access to the target system, after you find vulnerability with nmap.
use burp-suite to attck web apps but read the documantation first, he have many options on how to approach and configure your attack.
for passive snnifer use tshark or wireshark, you can identify boath states - if somone is sniff your packets and if so dont panic only insert trojan to your traffic or some malware or virus. and the second way is to sniff the target traffic and learn how manipulate the target packkets into your proxy you basically catch them.
metasploit is a bit complicated beacose when you try dounload or even trugh git clone its pull alot of istitude to "watch" you so use the option try ubunutu that is same as kali-linux live. encrypt your data, hard disk, use fake accounts.. for encrypt the hard-drive use veracrypt. 
work only with nested vm - install one ubuntu-VM and then install vmplayer or vmbox with or kali-linux live (high risk but she have encrypt system built in but its not really enough becuse you need to dounload some where) or ubuntu live (try ubuntu its calld) create an diskonkey with all of your tools and insert him into the second vm (the nested one - if you have enough memory and strong processor use more nested as you can) and dont forget to enter your router configuration and change them into somthing more secure that you can delete after. open a fake domain with windows server for example and execute your attack from his ip address after you write enough proxy chaines. 
the eazy way to attack specifid target it to write even simple malware in python and send it to people on facebook messanger or instgram or any chat like this. 
but when you write the malware give her feature of warm so she culd spread her self into the contacts of the first target. 
one important feature is the ebility to edit the logs of the smartphone so it will be harder to track the malware.
malware need to know how to open ports when the machine is in sleep mode, send screen shots every few seconds or to identify any financial information and send it.
moast people dont really understand how mach services there is so even the simplest malware can appearing as service for example: Bitlocker12, or TcpOverWare, and she can start calculate when to act.
if you strong with python or powershell you are the right way. 
any way all data the malware will send its have to be to a public server and pull wat you need from there.
